today I'm going to show you how to make
perfect miso soup now miso soup for
Japanese is a comfort food we eat this
at least once a day and depending on
which season it is or which region it's
made we have many many different kind of
miso soup for example you know you know
summertime we put summer vegetables and
wintertime we put something like daikon
radish and me so if it's in Kyoto we use
white miso and if it's IT Perfector we
use red missile so there's not just one
type of miso soup but today I'm going to
show you some basic miso soup today I'm
going to use daikon radish become a
seaweed tofu scallion and this is
combined miso so it's not really white
no red it's kind of like our in-between
and this is dashi it's some stock made
from kombu kelp bonito flake so let's
start now first of all you're going to
put dashi into the pot and turn on the
heat
now when it comes to me so you do not
want to boil missile the reason is it's
a fermented food and you had so many
microorganism living inside so if you
boil this the harsh heat will destroy
the flavor and it just doesn't taste
good so whatever you need to boil you
need to boil before adding miso so today
there's only one thing that I need to
boil which is daikon radish so I'm going
to cook this in in the - eat like this
and I let it cook so the daikon radish
is cooked already
now we can start adding tofu
and
welcome a seaweed we've got we're going
to put the scallion at the very end
before serving and now we're going to
put miso
now before we add me so you want to turn
off the heat so that it doesn't boil
over and pour one cup of dashi stock
we're going to use one tablespoon of
missile but this is all depends on what
type of mister you're using because some
miso is more saltier than the other so
make sure you taste as you go for
example if you have three cups of dashi
put 2 tbsp first and then taste and if
you need some more then add one more ok
so this is how you do this you don't
have to have this one you just need a
regular strainer and let go so all you
do is just mix this and make sure
everything is dissolved think so it's
all dissolved there we go
and then you're going to turn on the
heat again but this time you're just
warming this up not boiling it so this
is already a good temperature and it's
ready to be served
now you're going to turn off the heat
and just scoop
then I prefer putting scallion right
before serving like so and it's ready to
be served
you